Wait a minute.
I need to ask you something.
If he asks me
Why have you been living in a buckwheat clip?
What reason should I think of?
I know buckwheat doesn't want to pick me up
I don't want to force him either
But please help me tell him I was wrong
Ok, I'll tell him.
Why did you ask me out?
You help me tell stir
No matter what he looks like
In my eyes
He is the one who will only give it to me.
Little girl singing a lullaby
It has nothing to do with his weight
You help me tell Joe Mei
The person I love has always been him
I will ask for his forgiveness
No matter how long it takes
Why are you going
Just a few months
You become what you are now
You must have suffered a lot.
Mr. Lu, after our investigation
Witt is most likely the wife
These were taken after my wife's car accident